docs: note that pytest CLI args only apply to default fixtures (#27511)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/test-runners-python.md

## CLI arguments

> Note that CLI arguments are only applied to the default `browser`, `context` and `page` fixtures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that CLI arguments are only applied to the default `context` and `page` fixture.
```

Custom fixtures are not implemented afaik.
